Nigel is an online gaming and media veteran having worked at Betfair, Betdaq and McKinsey. When he’s not on the road pitching and fund raising, he’s marathon training or cheering for the Pats.
Tom is an experienced startup founder and product guy with a background in social products and statistics. Demonstrating that white men really can’t jump on the court, off the court he’s a Knicks and Giants fan.
Now in his third start up Rob is FanDuel’s creative lead. When he's not leaning over the shoulder of the design team pushing pixels he's busy pretending he can play soccer.
Chris has a background in building robust and scalable financial systems. He finds his interests in quality whisky and good beer combine well with watching sports (so long as it's not Bud Light!)
After 8 years in software sales and management consultancy, Lesley saw the light and made the leap into start-up life. While not dreaming up new advertisements for FanDuel, she spends her time playing Lego and Star Wars with her kids.
Senior Developer with a passion for software engineering, and extensive experience in web development.  Loud noises.  A developer with more than 6 years of professional experience but most of his life messing around with computers. He likes learning and keeping up with the new technologies but he also enjoys remebering the old times, playing golden classic adventure games and reviewing demos like "Second Reality". He thinks Galicia, his homeland, is probably the most beautiful place in the world.  Don´t mess with the rubber Pac-Man in his desk.
Ken has worked exclusively in online gaming for over 8 years.  A skier, golfer, and tennis player, Ken has cashed in every World Series of Poker event he's ever entered - he's 1-for-1!
Geoff has been in the online sports media space since early 2007 and is a start-up veteran. He's also more than happy to explain to you why Tim Tebow is the worst quarterback in NFL history.
Stewart is a designer with years of experience in web design with an obsession over tiny details that no one will ever notice. When not coloring in he can be found cheering on the Vancouver Canucks and the New England Patriots.
Cameron previously ran the affiliate program for Betfair Poker and FullTilt Poker. He loves rugby and destroying his colleagues on the badminton court.
Kelli has a wealth of recruitment experience in the IT sector.  Her niche is working with software companies that are experiencing rapid expansion. When she is not working, she is trying to play football and rugby with her 3 year old son.
Hugh has been coding since he first had a Commodore 64 at age 12 and he has extensive experience of introducing bugs into software, and sometimes even fixing them.
Cyrus spent four years at Google, has started two companies, and currently leads FanDuel's product growth efforts. He is secretly plotting to fall off the grid and travel the world endlessly. A die hard 49ers fan, Cyrus' magnum opus was beating Jerry Rice up The Hill (and then he woke up).
Len worked as an attorney before joining FanDuel, but has been playing fantasy sports since he was 8 years old. Poker and fantasy sports are welcome distractions from Len's troubling relationship with the Mets and Jets.  When not analyzing his fantasy sports spreadsheets, he can be found on the baseball diamond improving his K/9 ratio.
Will is a User Experience Designer passionate about creating empathetic experiences. A trained Industrial and Service Designer, he branched into digital and has worked for Nike, WalMart, and Coca-Cola. Hailing from Columbus, Ohio he remains loyal to King James and The Ohio State Buckeyes.  Jen works in customer support, helping players solve problems, while making their experience more enjoyable. She graduated from Wentworth Institute of Technology, in Boston, but always stayed committed to the New York Yankees. In addition to following professional sports, Jen is also an avid softball and volleyball player.
Justin is a University of Kansas graduate who has worked in fantasy sports since 2007. Justin relocated from Los Angeles to join the FanDuel team and manages the day-to-day operations of the site when he's not busy complaining about the weather, reading in Brooklyn Bridge Park, or talking about how great the Jayhawks are.
As a Motherwell fan Craig has grown used to celebrating (once every 39 years) and has started following the Ravens for more of that sweet taste of success.
Dylan works in customer support, making player's experience on FanDuel more friendly and problem free. As a Providence College grad, Dylan is a big PC/Big East basketball fan and he also follows the Patriots and Celtics.
Mike is a Flagler College graduate who started in the industry giving fantasy baseball advice as The Fantasy Man. When he's not online helping FanDuel-ers solve problems, you can find Mike pitching his fastball in the local mens softball leagues.
Frank is a University of Florida graduate, and after spending over 40 Saturdays watching football in The Swamp, he can't hear anything. Frank is a standup comedy junky, likes to play poker, and hasn't lost a game of ping pong since 1994. When Frank wakes up in the morning, he starts thinking about food.
After years of fostering an enjoyable and varied career as a freelance web developer, Jim has failed to learn his lesson from the first startup bubble and jumped in with two feet once again. Despite his complaints about the lack of a champagne allowance and not enough foosball in the office, he can usually be found happily wrangling JavaScript and CSS code and eating far too many nuts.
Martin is a developer with 7 years experience. Shamelessly competitive, he introduced the office foosball rating system, though doesn't like to share that he's only in 3rd place. We'll not mention how he did at the poker night.
JP is a digital product guy and aspiring gentleman with a background in data analytics. When he's not pursuing his passion for product and fantasy sports, he can be found here, there, and everywhere practicing his craft as a Bboy (or breakdancer) and seeking the next great adventure.
With over ten years of secretarial experience, I'm one keen organiser! Loves football, running and nagging.
A veteran sports columnist, fantasy sports junkie and self hating New York Sports Fan, Zack suffers the indignities of the Mets, Jets, Islanders and Knicks year after year...but he always comes back!  Martin has been coding for over 10 years, and enjoys music, reading, badminton and JRPGs.
Scott was once junior ping-pong champion in a 12 and under league, as a 14-year-old. You’ll have to ask him for the details about that one. Scott has a self-described "unhealthy long-term relationship" with the New York Knicks which is something I imagine a lot of Knick fans can identify with.  Scott has terrible stage fright, a background in musical performance, and girls usually break up with him during the NBA season.
Jake is a veteran sports blogger, podcast host and die-hard NY Giants fan. When not making dubious fantasy trade offers and prop bets, Jake can be found leading the company hoops team in both rebounds and missed jumpers. Just watch out after a Giants loss, and NEVER ask about the Knicks...
A true New Yorker born and bred with a deep rooted love for the NY Giants and a dream of one day making Tony Romo cry on the field. For now the dream is on hold and she's happy to help users have a more successful and enjoyable experience. 
Mat, our loyal volunteer Fire Marshal, enjoys talking about his hair. Winner of the best outfit 2012.
Stuart was coding on a wide variety of projects before joining FanDuel and even way before, programming games on his childhood Spectrum 48k.  When he grows up he wants to be a quarterback for the New York Giants.
Brendan’s background is in corporate finance and startup incubation, where he has advised many tech startups on financial management and fund raising. He insists not all accountants are dull and grey - for example, his spreadsheets have lots of different colors.
Fanduel's only part time employee enjoys helping people so much that he took a full time job as a psychotherapist. Just be careful when submitting a support ticket after a FSU loss!
Alex worked in financial services software for 18 years before achieving every slacker's dream of getting paid to think about fantasy sports at FanDuel. He's played fantasy since the days when 'live scoring' meant that the commissioner was able to pick up a copy of the Wednesday USA Today for the box scores, and claims to be the only person ever to calculate 'home lake advantage' for fantasy bass fishing tournaments.
